volunteer/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Volunteer
---


All Ela Conf volunteers will receive a ticket to the event at no cost. Positions are limited, so please sign up below as soon as possible!

## Speaker Mentors
We are looking for experienced women mentors to help first-time speakers prepare for their presentations and panels! The time commitment here will vary, but likely involve two half-hour meetings with your mentee (so 1-2 hours total); which also doesn’t have to be in person (we love Hangouts too!).

[I want to be a speaker mentor &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+speaker+mentor+because...)

## Panel Moderators
There will be some panels during the conference and moderators are needed to lead these panels by introducing panel participants, asking a set of established questions, and keeping the group on track.

[I want to be a panel moderator &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+panel+moderator+because...)

## Promoter/Recruiter
Conference promoters are all about spreading the Ela word in Philly and beyond. We need to make sure that all the amazing women in tech know about Ela Conf. You’ll take to Twitter, drop into area meetups, or send emails to local organizations to help spread the word. Also, we’ll need you to live tweet pictures and thanks to our sponsors during the events themselves.

[I want to be a promoter/recruiter &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+promoter/recruiter+because...)

## Event Check-In Table (Registration)
We need a friendly someone to assist with the check-in process for both the Friday meet and greet and the event on Saturday. This role is especially important because you are the very first person attendees will interact with when they arrive.

[I want to work registration &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+work+registration+because...)

## Photography/Videographer
We are looking to team up with a local photographer and videographer to help capture the event. A photographer is needed to take photographs during the event but also to take participant headshots.

[I want to be a photographer/videographer &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+photographer/videographer+because...)

## Live Sketch Notes
Last year, we had an amazing opportunity where some designers drew sketch notes of some of the panel discussions and talks. We’d love once again to have this at this year’s conference, with the goal of putting the prints up for sale to fund future Ela Conf’s. Contact us if you’re interested!

[I want to take sketch notes &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+take+sketch+notes+because...)

## Catering Coordinator
We’ll be ordering the food for the event, but we’ll still need some help in organizing the food tables, and directing conference attendees to the tables (volunteers will also help ensure that food is only taken by Ela Conf attendees).

[I want to be a catering coordinator &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+catering+coordinator+because...)

## Anything else?

Not seeing a position for you, but still want to help out? [Fill out our volunteer form and let us know!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform)

Commit message:

adds time keeper volunteer position

volunteer/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Volunteer
---


All Ela Conf volunteers will receive a ticket to the event at no cost. Positions are limited, so please sign up below as soon as possible!

## Speaker Mentors
We are looking for experienced women mentors to help first-time speakers prepare for their presentations and panels! The time commitment here will vary, but likely involve two half-hour meetings with your mentee (so 1-2 hours total); which also doesn’t have to be in person (we love Hangouts too!).

[I want to be a speaker mentor &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+speaker+mentor+because...)

## Panel Moderators
There will be some panels during the conference and moderators are needed to lead these panels by introducing panel participants, asking a set of established questions, and keeping the group on track.

[I want to be a panel moderator &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+panel+moderator+because...)

## Promoter/Recruiter
Conference promoters are all about spreading the Ela word in Philly and beyond. We need to make sure that all the amazing women in tech know about Ela Conf. You’ll take to Twitter, drop into area meetups, or send emails to local organizations to help spread the word. Also, we’ll need you to live tweet pictures and thanks to our sponsors during the events themselves.

[I want to be a promoter/recruiter &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+promoter/recruiter+because...)

## Event Check-In Table (Registration)
We need a friendly someone to assist with the check-in process for both the Friday meet and greet and the event on Saturday. This role is especially important because you are the very first person attendees will interact with when they arrive.

[I want to work registration &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+work+registration+because...)

## Photography/Videographer
We are looking to team up with a local photographer and videographer to help capture the event. A photographer is needed to take photographs during the event but also to take participant headshots.

[I want to be a photographer/videographer &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+photographer/videographer+because...)

## Live Sketch Notes
Last year, we had an amazing opportunity where some designers drew sketch notes of some of the panel discussions and talks. We’d love once again to have this at this year’s conference, with the goal of putting the prints up for sale to fund future Ela Confs. Contact us if you’re interested!

[I want to take sketch notes &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+take+sketch+notes+because...)

## Catering Coordinator
We’ll be ordering the food for the event, but we’ll still need some help in organizing the food tables, and directing conference attendees to the tables (volunteers will also help ensure that food is only taken by Ela Conf attendees).

[I want to be a catering coordinator &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+catering+coordinator+because...)

## Time Keeper

We're looking for time keepers to help keep the conference moving. You'll hold up cards to let speakers know how much time they have left and help us round up attendees after breaks to let them know the next session is starting.

[I want to be a time keeper &rarr;](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform?entry.971247222&entry.1260049317&entry.601542410&entry.648235370&entry.790087379=I+want+to+be+a+time+keeper+because...)


## Anything else?

Not seeing a position for you, but still want to help out? [Fill out our volunteer form and let us know!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1MDbNjY1h4DCkrbrL0zmq6Gg3Q1EMpDEFn1joMIck1Zo/viewform)
